AD 2599
(SHOKICHI) Aki, whatcha doin'
over there?
Come have a bite with us.
No way in hell!
Isn't that a moth?
(SHOKICHI) It's a silk worm...
they're quite good actually.
(NANAO) I think I'll pass.
(SHOKICHI) Isn't your base a
silk moth?
You're practically cousins.
(NANO) All the more reason to
protest eating them!
God! Why is it such a big deal
to you anyway?
Now, now. Come on.
Ya know, it was a moth that
brought us together in the first
place.
Do you remember?
Oh, was it really?
Mhm! I was crying after a moth
chased me from my room. You
found me and said...
"Um, leave it to me!" [chuckle]
So then, that's when this all
started.
(SHOKICHI) The body...
is of no importance.
[crying and sniffling]
Shokichi, let's go.
Those things will be back for us
soon if we don't.
[choking back tears]
Right.
Aki, I'm so sorry.
For as long as I live, I
promise...
I... I left you behind.
[losing balance]
[grunts and punch]
12 SHOOTING STAR
[heavy breathing]
Captain...
What's the matter?
We're on you're turf.
[chirping and hissing]
With your base, I expected more.
Hmm?
Not running away?
Not that I'd let you go...
[windup and punch]
[sigh]
[grunt]
Hey, you're in
my class aren't you?
Why are you out here... all by
yourself?
Got a nasty roach crawling
around your room?
Moth.
Shokichi!
[chuckle]
Hm!
Yeah!
(SHOKICHI) Aki, I'm sorry.
Captured.
How you holding up there Keiji?
I'm fine. Impressive moves,
Captain Komachi.
That means a lot coming from a
boxing champ.
So what's your other base?
You've been with UNASA for
what, 20 years?
I have to assume you've had more
than one operation to get that
powerful.
Nonsense! I've only had one.
I'm just a humble hornet.
Wha--?! But you've killed like a
hundred of these guys!
You've been fighting all day!
Yeah because I'm a hornet!
But you shoot poison and launch
stingers...
All hornet.
And what about your striking
strength?
Hornet!
And those things poking out of
your elbows?
Those are hornet mandibles...
But... this handsome face, that
my friend is all natural.
[chuckle] You are crazy!
[grunt of pain]
[chuckle] Alright, let's get you
out of here.
We got some climbing to do
Yes sir.
Huh?
Gah!
Hmm?
What Ivan?
You're looking a bit flushed...
is everything okay with you?
What?! No I'm fine uh...
Alexander was pointing out a
tear on the back of your...
uh...
Huh? I have no idea what he's
talking about.
You know EXACTLY what I'm
talking about!
It's strange...
huh?
I have a feeling these pyramids
aren't what we initially thought
they were.
Huh?
Think about it... What's the
strangest part of our current
predicament?
We're not fighting roaches.
That's right Ivan.
No one is chasing us....
and there are no defenses
here...
if they knew we'd come to
inspect the pyramids, strange
indeed.
Alright, let's say the pyramids
aren't that important to the
roaches?
What does that mean for us?
What does that mean for our
mission?
The mission remains the same.
Correct.
If the Rahab built the pyramids,
they must be hiding something
within these walls.
Something significant.
And until we find it, we keep
searching.
Perhaps the Rahab and the
Terraformas aren't after the
same thing.
Hmmm?
Take a look.
Huh?!
[gasp]
[gasps] What the--?!
(SYLVESTER) Look.
Roaches evolving into
Terraformars in a mere five
hundred years is pure fiction.
And it's been only twenty years
since the Bugs 2 crew brought
silk worms to Mars as
provisions.
Do you think all the maritan
silk worms have been altered
like this?
(SYLVESTER) That's a disturbing
possibility.
Let's hope this thing is just a
local audity.
Regardless, we must push on.
[grunt and jab]
[grunt]
[grunt and swing]
[sigh of relief]
That all of 'em?
For now.
Question... How long have you
been launching threads?
Huh?
Also, you're not too shabby with
that staff.
Ah, thanks...
but I can only form one thread.
Plus, it's a pretty short one.
And this? Anyone can look good
swinging some pole around.
Nope, I'm just some punk with a
fancy stick.
But you're not even out of
breath.
You were fighting pretty hard.
And, with everything that's
happened...
[grunt]
I'm fine.
Just doing my job.
Hmm?
What?
Don't know.
There's something up there.
Huh?
(SYLVESTER) And what do we have
here?
Woah.
Well I'll be damned.
Now we know this isn't some kind
of Terraformar dwelling or
sanctuary.
It's a storage facility.
What is it?
It's not from Bugs 1 or 2.
It's too old.
Sir?
The lost Great Carp 3
Launched a hundred years ago, it
was the first unmaned vessel to
lose contact with Earth.
We feared what the roaches could
salvage.
From the weapons stored on
Bugs 1 and 2, to the chemicals,
and the tech.
They'd have lots of fire power.
But we underestimated 'em.
They've been salvaging long
before the Bugs' missions.
And now they have something more
powerful than we ever accounted
for.
[grunt]
What is it Keiji?
Is something wrong?
(KEIJI) It's just... I was
wondering...
Assuming this thing didn't plan
on losing to me, how exactly
was it going to get out of here?
Sorry sir, I think I took one
too many punches.
No, you're right.
Those bugs are behaving even
more bizzarly now.
What are they up to?
(NARRATOR) The Terraformars
siezed an unlikely, albeit
powerful weapon.
That is, the fuel supply needed
to return to Earth.
Meaning...
[gasp]
What the hell?!
Marcos! Sanjo!
Guys! Answer me!
Damnit!
I'll kill every last one of 'em!
[gasp]
Damnit!
The hell is this?!
Shit!
Hey Marcos! Kanako! Are you two
alright?
(MARCOS) Yeah!
We're both okay.
We evaded the initial blast.
These flames are brutal!
Ah! Not now!
This can't be happening!
Marcos! The serum!
Gah!
[gasp]
[shocked gasp]
[gasp] This can't be the end!
Damnit, I can't die like this!
Ah!
[scream and chocking]
[gasps]
Someone help!
[chirping and hissing]
[panicing]
[screaming]
[gasp]
Hey guys! I'm really touched you
came all this way just to get a
look at the heavy hitter
himself,
but I've been fighting all day
so... the autographs will have
to wait.
[grunt]
[pained groan]
You're... one tough bastard.
The roaches are demonstarting a
level of intellligance we
never anticipated.
Being able to fire a gun or
operate a vehicle is one
thing...
But this... is unbelieveable!
[gasps]
Huh?
Is this?
Yes.
I'm afraid it is.
Of all the participanting squads
from the Annex 1 project...
it looks like one of them has...
betrayed us!
But which one?
[shaky breath]
Looks like it's game over.
[chuckling]
Alright you douchebag... come
get it!
Major leaguer.
[hissing]
(ALEX) Dead on.
Next?
I just saved your ass.
Cocky shit-head.
(NARRATOR) Over the course of
human evolution, one phyisical
ability has remained a strategic
constant.
The art of...
[grunt]
Throwing.
[gasp]
Ahh!
Wait! Did that crazy bastard
think I'm mutated right now?!
[heavy breathing] Wait!
Time out! Time out!
[heavy breathing] Gah! Damnit!
When I get my hands on him, I
swear to god I'll...!
Gah!
Huh?
kiss that big idiot!
Now we're talkin'!
Here we go!
Bottom of the 9th...
bases loaded...
and the pitch!
Never thought I'd play baseball
on Mars!
Well, since we've got the whole
world counting on us...
we may as well give'em one hell
of a show!
Let's play ball!
[grunts and swinging]
Well, if it isn't another freak
of nature!
Why don't you take off that mit?
[groaning and gasping]
Erika! You okay?
Mhm.
I need you to stay right here,
got it?
[gasp]
It vanished!
Its skin...
it's refelective...
just like a mirror!
Where'd it go?
It must have...
[gasp]
Damnit! he's going to open the
bug enclosures!
[gasping]
[gasp]
[grunt]
Ow!
Marcos!
H-Hey!
Real nice landing
A missile... there's another
one!
There's not much time!
Don't worry about it!
There's nothing that can stop
Squad 2!
Now Alex!
Bombs way!
[gasp of pain]
Lieutenant!
I... I'm so sorry!
We... we couldn't save them!
So... so many victims!
So many lost!
You fought admirably...
[quivering]
(MICHELLE) and you captured a
lot of samples.
Jared, Erika... we'll take it
from here.
Sorry I kept you bastards
waiting.
Now it's time to determine once
and for all...
Who's the true vermin?
to be continued
13 TERRA FOR MARS